C: Basic Output documentation update (#1031)
Codecademy/docs: content/c/concepts/basic-output/terms/puts/puts.md

> ## Print String with `puts()`

Reviewer: See my comment on the printf() term entry.

---
Title: 'puts()'
Description: 'Print a string in the console.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'String'
  - 'Console'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`puts()`** function, or "put string" function prints a string to `stdout`, normally the console, followed by a newline character.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`puts()`**, or "put string", function prints a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c/strings) to `stdout`, normally the console, followed by a newline character.
```

> The **`puts()`** function, or "put string" function, allow to print a string to `stdout`, normally the console, followed by a newline character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`puts()`** function, or "put string" function prints a string to `stdout`, normally the console, followed by a newline character.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> putchar(char)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
puts(str)
```

```

> The **`puts()`** takes a `string` as an argument and prints it, adding a newline character at the end of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `puts()` function takes a `str` argument and prints it, adding a newline character at the end of it.
```

---
Title: 'puts()'
Description: 'Print a string in the console.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'String'
  - 'Console'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`puts()`** function, or "put string" function, allow to print a char in the `stdout` file, normally the console followed by a newline character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`puts()`** function, or "put string" function, allow to print a string to `stdout`, normally the console, followed by a newline character.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
putchar(char)
```

> the **`puts()`** takes a `string` as an argument and prints it adding a newline character at the end of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`puts()`** takes a `string` as an argument and prints it, adding a newline character at the end of it.
```

## Example

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int main(void) {
  puts("Hello World!");
  return 0;
}
```

The output would be:

```shell
Hello World!
```

> 

Reviewer: The content after this point (the extra output example) should be removed.
